
 "Collections of games, together with GoGoD viewing program and the
 GoScorer program, can be obtained from Yutopian in the USA
 (yutopian@netcom.com), Paard in Europe (paard@xs4all.nl) or Games of Go
 on Disk in Britain (tmark@gogod.demon.co.uk). Further information can be
 obtained at www.xs4all.nl/~paard together with a copy of a GoScorer
 demo. The programs work on Dos or Windows, 286 upwards."

There are a number of GoBots (currently three).  GoBot is the "master",
the others will appear when needed. All commands below except "duplicate"
can be given to any of the present GoBots. Enjoy!

GoBot commands:

(in a tell)

- A game number:  Play that game number (see 'help index').
- The word 'random': Pick a random game number.
- A sgf file name: Play that sgf file (see 'help sgf').

In all three cases, a number can be given as second argument, which causes
GoBot to skip that many moves. (This can be overridden by a 'fast' or 'slow'
kibitz.)

To the master GoBot this command is also available:

- The word 'duplicate': Creates a new GoBot if there are no free GoBots
  available and there are still unused GoBots not logged in (otherwise
  it's just ignored).

The *requester* of a game can also have these commands available:

- abort:  Aborts current game.
- jump N: Skips faster over the N next moves. (This can be overridden by a
          'fast' or 'slow' kibitz.)

  Examples:

    tell gobot 37

      GoBot will replay game 37.

    tell gobot 37 42
 
      GoBot will replay game 37, moving quickly to move 42.
  
    tell gobot random

      GoBot will replay a randomply chosen game.

    tell gobot daveg-sss-9512251244

      GoBot will replay this game, played between sss and daveg 25 Dec 1995.

    tell gobot jump 10

      GoBot will skip fast over the next 10 moves. (Assuming you're the
      requester of the game.)

    tell gobot duplicate

      A new GoBot will appear, provided all logged in GoBots are busy and
      there are still unused GoBots to log in.
      (This command is normally not needed, since new GoBots appear
       automatically when one is getting busy, but they also disappear
       after some time when idle.)

(in a kibitz)

- fast: Switch to 10 seconds per move
- slow: Switch to 20 seconds per move
- pause: Pauses for 5 minutes
- go: continues after a pause
- what match: gives the title of the match
- undo: undos a move
- undo N: undos N moves.

SEE ALSO: request index rindex sgf

