
USAGE: match opponent color size time byo-yomi

Offers or accepts a game.

QUICK-START EXAMPLE: "match jeff b 19 30 10".  By typing this command, you
are asking for, or accepting, a game with "jeff."  You will be black, the
board size will be 19, and each side will get 30 minutes and an additional
10 minutes byo-yomi time to make 25 moves.  (Hint: use "tell" beforehand
to negotiate the terms of your game.) If you don't like your opponent's
suggested time, for example, type the match command using your own
options.  If you want to refuse, type "decline jeff." 

THE OPTIONS--opponent color size time byo-yomi: "opponent" is the other
person's account name.  Your "color" can be either "b" or "w", "size" can
be 9, 13, or 19, "time" is how many minutes each side can play, and "byo-
yomi" is how many minutes each side can have to make 25 moves, after the
initial time has been used up or you have successfully completed a byo-
yomi period.  (If you can't make the full 25 moves within the ten minutes,
you lose immediately.) Also, none of the numbers here can be fractions. 

HANDICAPS: Black's first move can be "handicap #".  "Handicap 3" would
mean a handicap of 3 stones.  For more than 9 stones handicap, White
passes to allow black to place the stones. 

KOMI #: Anytime during the game, komi 5, or komi 5.5, for example, will
set the komi for 5.5, if both players agree.  Also, see "help komi". 

FINISHING A GAME: It is not necessary to fill in the dame, with one
exception--you may need to fill in some dame to force the opponent to fill
points.  When you have no more moves to make, type "pass" and, when two
passes are made in a row, the scoring begins.  Next, you will see the
message, "Enter Dead Groups." Either click with your mouse on a dead
stone, or type the coordinates, and the stone (or group) will disappear. 
If you make a mistake while scoring, type "undo" to restore the board. 
(Your client may require you to type "refresh" or "moves" to get the board
back correctly).  When you are sure that everything is completed, type
"done" to score. 

SEE ALSO: decline games moves open komi refresh say score tmatch

