
USAGE: pair-go number_of_game

Start a team game with two players on each side.  The members of one team
take turns playing as black, and the members of the other team take turns
as white.  This variation of Go is also known as "Rengo".

STEPS FOR STARTING A RENGO GAME:

   1) Four people decide to play.  For example: talby and axe are on the
   first team, with gege and rascal on the second team.  HINT: Channel 69 
   is reserved for Rengo pairings.

   2) Let's label the pairs.  For example: talby and axe are on Team 1,
   taking black, and are called B1 and B2.  Gege and rascal are on Team 2,
   taking white, and are called W1 and W2.

   3) Now you are ready to issue the normal match commands.  B1 and W1 start
   a match with each other, and B2 and W2 start a match with each other.  In
   our example, talby and gege start a game, and axe and rascal start another
   one.

   4) W1 (gege) types "pair-go number_of_SECOND_game".  For example, by 
   typing the command "who", he finds out that the game between talby and 
   gege is #17, then the command (not including the quote marks) is 
   "pair-go 17".

   5) W2 (rascal) gets a message that gege would like a pair-go game, and 
   W2 is then asked to type "pair-go number_of_FIRST_game".  (The server also
   provides the game number between axe and rascal: "19" for example.)  
   The command (not including the quote marks) would now be "pair-go 19".

   6) The game now begins!  The server will tell each person when it is
   their turn in the following order: B1, W1, B2, and W2.  Also, the server
   will tell you if you are out of turn.

COMMENTS FOR KIBITZERS: officially, two games are created with identical
records of the moves, and the kibitz remarks of each game will be saved
separately.  However, during the game it will not matter which game you
have chosen to observe, because all of the kibitzes will be visible. 

ADJOURNMENT OF A RENGO GAME: by adjourning one of the two games, the other
one is adjourned automatically.  Either W1 and B1 can adjourn, or W2 and
B2. 

LOADING OF AN ADJOURNED RENGO GAME: After loading both games, return to
the above instruction number 4.  (Of course, the computer will tell you
whose turn it is to restart.)

SEE ALSO: match load tell awho spair

