
USAGE: variables [user]
ALIAS: vars [user]

Displays the variables of the given user. If no user is given then your
variables are displayed.

Variable Information

Name        Function
----        --------
automail    If Yes the score of your games will be mailed to you
            upon completion.
bell        If Yes a ^G or bell will be sent when a board update
            is done.
busy        This sets your busy string.
byo_stones  This sets your default byo yomi stones
byo_time    This sets your default byo yomi time
client      Set this to Yes if using a client.
extprompt   If set, and not using a client, this gives you extended
            information in your prompt (last tell, current channel)
ginform     If Yes you will be informed when games begin or end.
gshout      If Yes you will hear gshouts (Go related shouts)
height      This is your terminal height
kibitz      If Yes you will hear kibitzes.
looking     If Yes, you are looking for a game.
lshout      If Yes you will hear ladder game announcments
notifiedby  Reserved for future use.
open        If Yes you are willing to accept match requests.
pinform     If Yes, you will be informed when users connect or
            disconnect to the server.
private     If Yes then all games you play will be private
            regardless of your opponents "private" variable.
prompt      This string will be your prompt. Use "set prompt" to
            restore the system default.
problem     This is the last problem number you viewed.
rank        The sets your "Rank:" field to whatever you type.
rated       This is the default value of the "rated" parameter for the
            match command.
realname    Your real name. Please only change it if it is incorrect.
robot       If you are a computer program.  (no tells from other robots)
ropen       If No, you are only open to challenges that match your "rated"
            variable.
shout       If Yes you will hear shouts.
size        This is the default size of your board.

tell        You will hear unregistered tell's and say's.
time        This is the default value of the "time" parameter for the match
            command.
verbose     sends you ascii boards
Water Balloons See: help emote
width       This is your terminal width (not used)
1-10        This sets your plan information that is displayed when
            someone stats you. You can set these to an arbitrary
	    string.

SEE ALSO: set

